I know who your daughter is
Stop for me
Or I'll kill him
Liu Hongtao
Stop struggling needlessly, I tell you
I've already killed someone
Both sides are dead
I'm going to pay the electric bill before I die
Hu Tao knows his way back
Have you forgotten what the master told you?
Me.
Yes you are all you
I forced myself into this.
If you made me a fighter before
President of the association
It wouldn't have caused this situation.
Do bones know you're impatient?
To kill is not extreme
That's why I let you practice for a few more years
I don't believe you fart
I'll tell you what.
Don't struggle in vain
Tell Hu Tao to put down the gun in your hand
Stop for me
If you come again, I will kill him
You dare you dare I dare
Ah!
key
Are you okay?